To some degree, one of the ways you get
people to care again is you go back to
much looser monetary policy. But,
there's no promise of that right now.
In fact, we're more worried about rate
hikes than rate cuts at this point.
So, you know, crypto is the furthest
thing up the risk curve uh compared to a
lot of these other markets. It just is.
And so, when you have prolonged periods
of higher interest rates and
quantitative tightening, the frothier
stuff is going to show weakness first,
right? That's why altcoins showed
weakness first. And then, Bitcoin is
still further up the risk curve than a
lot of other things. And that's why it's
starting It's been showing weakness for
the last 8 or 9 months. I guess in the
back half of this year, especially kind
of late Q3, early Q4, you'll see the
stock market show weakness. And that
might get the Fed to pivot on some of
their views. But, until that happens,
the entire industry is stuck because as
long as the AI trade keeps working,
there's no reason to cut rates.